content/project/en/ppias.md, before:

---
title: Proceedings of Paris Institute for Advanced Study
url: "https://paris.pias.science"
date: 2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z
image: "/images/logos/ppias-logo.png"
color: "white"
relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""

relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "In collaboration with Stanford University and the International Energy Agency"
    image: "images/renewable.jpg"
    name: "Advancements in Renewable Energy and AI Integration"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2023-06-15T08:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "As the global push for sustainable energy continues, artificial intelligence is playing a pivotal role in optimizing renewable energy systems"
    eventType: "Field Trip"
    url: ""
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    image: "images/climat.jpg"
    name: "AI and Climate Change"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-06-20T09:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: ""

relatedPeople:
  - firstname: "Paven"
    lastname: "Mamidi"
    image: "images/Mamidi.jpg"
    role: "Workshop Facilitator"
  - firstname: "Vivian"
    lastname: "Loftness"
    image: "images/Loftness.jpeg"
    role: "Keynote Speaker"
  - firstname: "Daniel"
    lastname: "Pauly"
    image: "images/Pauly.jpg"
    role: "Panelist"
tags:
  - name: "Marine Conservation"
    description: "Efforts to protect marine ecosystems and biodiversity."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2023-11-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-01T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Coral Reefs"
    description: "Initiatives focused on the restoration and protection of coral reef ecosystems."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2023-12-15T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-02-20T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Plastic Pollution"
    description: "Efforts to reduce plastic pollution in oceans and its impact on marine life."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-01-10T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-05T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Overfishing"
    description: "Studies and campaigns aimed at reducing overfishing and preserving marine biodiversity."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sustainable Oceans"
    description: "Promoting sustainable practices for ocean resource management."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-20T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-04-01T00:00:00.000Z"
---

The [**Paris Institute for Advanced Study**](https://www.paris-iea.fr/en/ "Paris IAS") (Paris IAS) is a transdisciplinary research center that welcomes researchers from all over the world in the fields of humanities and social sciences. It is also open to other disciplines, in particular the life sciences, for projects involving the humanities and social sciences.

The research projects carried out at the Institute, beyond their international aspect, are characterized by an interdisciplinary approach (bringing together science, politics, economy, and society) and the development of new methodologies and perspectives. To meet the challenges of our time and those to come, it encourages collaboration between research, administration, the economic world and citizens.

It is a partner of the main Parisian higher education and research institutions and is supported by the City of Paris, the Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation through the RFIEA+ Laboratory of Excellence (French Network of Institutes for Advanced Study), and the European Commission as part of the FIAS (French Institutes for Advanced Study) program. The Paris IAS is also a member of NetIAS, a network that promotes dialogue and cooperation between European institutes for advanced study.

Each year, the Institute's research fellows and partner institutions organize about a hundred scientific events on its premises, on fundamental research or in response to major societal problems.

These proceedings present the conferences, lecture series and other scientific productions of the Paris IAS in the form of indexed and quotable publications, often accompanied by videos or podcasts.

Commit message:

feat: adding denseview in news (#60)
* feat: adding denseview in news

* feat: updated news squeleton loader

* feat: Move assets data elements in the config file (sitemap and social)

* fix: dense view not working when switching back to row

* wip: localStorage management from store

* wip: localStorage management from store

* wip: localStorage management from store

* feat: added news and peaple view dense

* PR review

---------

Co-authored-by: Antoine Cordelois <boitalettre9@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: CI <username@users.noreply.github.com>

content/project/en/ppias.md, after:

---
title: Proceedings of Paris Institute for Advanced Study
url: "https://paris.pias.science"
subtitle: A transdisciplinary research center that welcomes researchers from all over the world in the fields of humanities and social sciences
date: 2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z
image: "/images/logos/ppias-logo.png"
color: "white"
relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""

relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "In collaboration with Stanford University and the International Energy Agency"
    image: "images/renewable.jpg"
    name: "Advancements in Renewable Energy and AI Integration"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2023-06-15T08:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "As the global push for sustainable energy continues, artificial intelligence is playing a pivotal role in optimizing renewable energy systems"
    eventType: "Field Trip"
    url: ""
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    image: "images/climat.jpg"
    name: "AI and Climate Change"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-06-20T09:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: ""

relatedPeople:
  - firstname: "Paven"
    lastname: "Mamidi"
    image: "images/Mamidi.jpg"
    role: "Workshop Facilitator"
  - firstname: "Vivian"
    lastname: "Loftness"
    image: "images/Loftness.jpeg"
    role: "Keynote Speaker"
  - firstname: "Daniel"
    lastname: "Pauly"
    image: "images/Pauly.jpg"
    role: "Panelist"
tags:
  - name: "Marine Conservation"
    description: "Efforts to protect marine ecosystems and biodiversity."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2023-11-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-01T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Coral Reefs"
    description: "Initiatives focused on the restoration and protection of coral reef ecosystems."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2023-12-15T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-02-20T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Plastic Pollution"
    description: "Efforts to reduce plastic pollution in oceans and its impact on marine life."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-01-10T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-05T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Overfishing"
    description: "Studies and campaigns aimed at reducing overfishing and preserving marine biodiversity."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-01T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sustainable Oceans"
    description: "Promoting sustainable practices for ocean resource management."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-20T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-04-01T00:00:00.000Z"
---

The [**Paris Institute for Advanced Study**](https://www.paris-iea.fr/en/ "Paris IAS") (Paris IAS) is a transdisciplinary research center that welcomes researchers from all over the world in the fields of humanities and social sciences. It is also open to other disciplines, in particular the life sciences, for projects involving the humanities and social sciences.

The research projects carried out at the Institute, beyond their international aspect, are characterized by an interdisciplinary approach (bringing together science, politics, economy, and society) and the development of new methodologies and perspectives. To meet the challenges of our time and those to come, it encourages collaboration between research, administration, the economic world and citizens.

It is a partner of the main Parisian higher education and research institutions and is supported by the City of Paris, the Ministry of Higher Education, Research and Innovation through the RFIEA+ Laboratory of Excellence (French Network of Institutes for Advanced Study), and the European Commission as part of the FIAS (French Institutes for Advanced Study) program. The Paris IAS is also a member of NetIAS, a network that promotes dialogue and cooperation between European institutes for advanced study.

Each year, the Institute's research fellows and partner institutions organize about a hundred scientific events on its premises, on fundamental research or in response to major societal problems.

These proceedings present the conferences, lecture series and other scientific productions of the Paris IAS in the form of indexed and quotable publications, often accompanied by videos or podcasts.
