content/project/en/the-socioscope.md, before:

---
title: The Socioscope
url: "https://thesocioscope.org/"
date: 2024-05-12T00:00:00.000Z
image: "/images/logos/the_socioscope.svg"
color: "#00aaff"

relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""

relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2024-04-01T08:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A panel of experts discusses the impact of climate change on coastal cities."
    image: "https://gcci.org/images/events/coastal-cities-impact.jpg"
    name: "Climate Change and Coastal Cities"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-06-15T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Scheduled"
    summary: "Experts from around the world discuss rising sea levels and their threat to coastal populations."
    eventType: "Conference"
    url: "https://gcci.org/events/climate-change-coastal-cities"

  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2024-03-10T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "International summit on renewable energy solutions for a sustainable future."
    image: "https://gcci.org/images/events/renewable-energy-summit.jpg"
    name: "Renewable Energy Summit"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-07-20T09:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Scheduled"
    summary: "An international summit gathering the brightest minds to discuss renewable energy innovations."
    eventType: "Summit"
    url: "https://gcci.org/events/renewable-energy-summit"

  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2024-01-25T12:00:00.000Z"
    description: "Workshop on the role of artificial intelligence in climate data analysis and prediction."
    image: "https://gcci.org/images/events/ai-climate-workshop.jpg"
    name: "AI for Climate Data Analysis"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-08-05T14:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Scheduled"
    summary: "A hands-on workshop exploring how AI can enhance climate research and policy-making."
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: "https://gcci.org/events/ai-climate-data-analysis"

relatedPeople:
  - firstname: "Antoine"
    lastname: "Cordelois"
    image: "images/antoine_cordelois.jpg"
    role: "Lead Climate Scientist"
    biography: "Laura Martinez is a renowned climate scientist specializing in atmospheric studies and the long-term effects of climate change on global weather patterns."

  - firstname: "Saadi"
    lastname: "Lahlou"
    image: "images/lahlou_saadi.jpg"
    role: "AI Research Lead"
    biography: "Saadi Lahlou leads the AI research team at GCCI, focusing on predictive models for climate change impacts using machine learning techniques."

  - firstname: "Paulius"
    lastname: "Yamin"
    image: "images/Paulius_Yamin.jpg"
    role: "Renewable Energy Expert"
    biography: "Paulius Yamin is an expert in renewable energy solutions and sustainable technology innovations, advocating for global adoption of clean energy."

tags:
  - name: "Climate Change"
    description: "Research and news related to the impacts of global climate change."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-01-10T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-04-15T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Renewable Energy"
    description: "Efforts and innovations in renewable energy solutions for a sustainable future."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-12T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-20T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Artificial Intelligence"
    description: "The role of AI in climate modeling and data analysis."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-05-01T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sea Level Rise"
    description: "Studies on the impact of rising sea levels on coastal regions."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-04-25T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-06-07T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sustainability"
    description: "Research on sustainable practices to combat climate change."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-05-30T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-08-30T00:00:00.000Z"
---

The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food. We're on a mission to figure out what's working on the ground all around the world.

Commit message:

feat: added related events data

content/project/en/the-socioscope.md, after:

---
title: The Socioscope
url: "https://thesocioscope.org/"
date: 2024-05-12T00:00:00.000Z
image: "/images/logos/the_socioscope.svg"
color: "#00aaff"

relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""

relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "In collaboration with Stanford University and the International Energy Agency"
    image: "images/renewable.jpg"
    name: "Advancements in Renewable Energy and AI Integration"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2023-06-15T08:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "As the global push for sustainable energy continues, artificial intelligence is playing a pivotal role in optimizing renewable energy systems"
    eventType: "Field Trip"
    url: ""
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    image: "images/climat.jpg"
    name: "AI and Climate Change"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-06-20T09:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: ""

relatedPeople:
  - firstname: "Antoine"
    lastname: "Cordelois"
    image: "images/antoine_cordelois.jpg"
    role: "Lead Climate Scientist"
    biography: "Laura Martinez is a renowned climate scientist specializing in atmospheric studies and the long-term effects of climate change on global weather patterns."

  - firstname: "Saadi"
    lastname: "Lahlou"
    image: "images/lahlou_saadi.jpg"
    role: "AI Research Lead"
    biography: "Saadi Lahlou leads the AI research team at GCCI, focusing on predictive models for climate change impacts using machine learning techniques."

  - firstname: "Paulius"
    lastname: "Yamin"
    image: "images/Paulius_Yamin.jpg"
    role: "Renewable Energy Expert"
    biography: "Paulius Yamin is an expert in renewable energy solutions and sustainable technology innovations, advocating for global adoption of clean energy."

tags:
  - name: "Climate Change"
    description: "Research and news related to the impacts of global climate change."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-01-10T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-04-15T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Renewable Energy"
    description: "Efforts and innovations in renewable energy solutions for a sustainable future."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-02-12T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-03-20T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Artificial Intelligence"
    description: "The role of AI in climate modeling and data analysis."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-03-18T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-05-01T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sea Level Rise"
    description: "Studies on the impact of rising sea levels on coastal regions."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-04-25T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-06-07T00:00:00.000Z"

  - name: "Sustainability"
    description: "Research on sustainable practices to combat climate change."
    icon: null
    createdAt: "2024-05-30T00:00:00.000Z"
    updatedAt: "2024-08-30T00:00:00.000Z"
---

The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food. We're on a mission to figure out what's working on the ground all around the world.
