content/people/en/paven-mamidi.md, before:

---
image: "/images/Mamidi.jpg"
firstname: Daniel
lastname: Pauly
affiliations:
  - affiliation: International Criminal Court, Netherlands
    positions:
      - role: Director
        department: Institute of advanced studies
        start:
        stop:
      - role: Assistant
        department: Institute for very advanced studies
        start:
        stop:
socials:
  wikipedia: "759"
  orcid: "113"
  linkedin: "114"
  twitter: "456"
  scholar: "123"
  researchgate: "123"
groups:
  fellow: true
  vintage: 
    - year: 2024
      name: rolling-call-for-fellows
      theme: "Conception d'une expérience comportementale pour mesurer le coût de l'autonomie due à l'IA prédictive et au nudging"
relatedProjects:
  - title: "Positive Future"
    shortDescription: "The Positive Future initiative, supported by the Institut d'études avancées de Paris and the Fondation 2100"
    description: "The Positive Future initiative, supported by the Institut d'études avancées de Paris and the Fondation 2100, aims to make foresight work widely known"
    url: "https://www.positive-future.org"
    image: "/logoPF.png"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2023-11-01T10:00:00.000+00:00"
  - title: "The Socioscope"
    shortDescription: "The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food"
    description: "The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food"
    url: "https://thesocioscope.org/"
    image: "/images/logos/the_socioscope.svg"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2023-12-10T14:00:00.000+00:00"
  - title: "World Pandemic Research Network"
    shortDescription: "The World Pandemic Research Network (WPRN) is dedicated to facilitating international collaboration in pandemic research"
    description: "It focuses on generating knowledge, data, and tools that can be shared across nations to better understand and combat pandemics. Through partnerships with institutions like the Institut d'Études Avancées de Paris (Paris IAS), WPRN brings together leading experts to address the complex challenges posed by global health crises"
    url: "https://wprn.org"
    image: "images/logos/wprn_logo.png"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2024-01-05T12:00:00.000+00:00"
relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "In collaboration with Stanford University and the International Energy Agency"
    image: "images/renewable.jpg"
    name: "Advancements in Renewable Energy and AI Integration"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2023-06-15T08:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "As the global push for sustainable energy continues, artificial intelligence is playing a pivotal role in optimizing renewable energy systems"
    eventType: "Field Trip"
    url: ""
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    image: "images/climat.jpg"
    name: "AI and Climate Change"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-06-20T09:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: ""

relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""
---

Pavan Mamidi is the Director of the Centre for Social and Behavior Change (CSBC) at Ashoka University. He led the initiative to set up India's first Nudge Unit at Niti Aayog in New Delhi, as well as in the states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar as well.

In January 2025, he joins the IAS for a one-month writing residency.

### Research Interests

Behavioral science for policy, privacy, AI, philosophy of science.

Research project

**Designing a behavioural experiment to measure the cost of autonomy due to predictive AI and nudging
**

The extensive use of behavioural nudging, and AI to segment citizens into various personas, and target interventions to produce behaviour changes are likely to result in a loss of "surprisingness" and autonomy in the lives of humans. How do we reconcile the brilliant promise of AI, with social and psychological costs of loss in autonomy and privacy?

### Key publications

Dhami, S., Wei, M., & Mamidi, P.,"Religious identity, trust, reciprocity, and Prosociality: Theory and evidence", *Journal of Development Economics*, 166, 103192, 2024;

Shashidhara, S., Mamidi, P., Vaidya, S., & Daral, I, "Using machine learning prediction to create a 15-question IPV measurement tool", *Journal of interpersonal violence*, 39(1-2), 11-34, 2024;

Spamann, Holger, Lars Klöhn, Christophe Jamin, Vikramaditya Khanna, John Zhuang Liu, Pavan Mamidi, Alexander Morell, and Ivan Reidel, *"Judges in the Lab: No Precedent Effects, No Common/Civil Law Differences", Journal of Legal Analysis* 13, no. 1 : 110-126, 2021.

Commit message:

Fix.minor change (#58)
* fix: bugs related to rendering name

* update  news and project UX

* remove date and time from event rowsitem

* fix: pre-merge fixes

---------

Co-authored-by: Antoine Cordelois <boitalettre9@gmail.com>

content/people/en/paven-mamidi.md, after:

---
image: "/images/Mamidi.jpg"
firstname: Paven
lastname: Mamidi
affiliations:
  - affiliation: International Criminal Court, Netherlands
    positions:
      - role: Director
        department: Institute of advanced studies
        start:
        stop:
      - role: Assistant
        department: Institute for very advanced studies
        start:
        stop:
socials:
  wikipedia: "759"
  orcid: "113"
  linkedin: "114"
  twitter: "456"
  scholar: "123"
  researchgate: "123"
groups:
  fellow: true
  vintage:
    - year: 2024
      name: rolling-call-for-fellows
      theme: "Conception d'une expérience comportementale pour mesurer le coût de l'autonomie due à l'IA prédictive et au nudging"
relatedProjects:
  - title: "Positive Future"
    shortDescription: "The Positive Future initiative, supported by the Institut d'études avancées de Paris and the Fondation 2100"
    description: "The Positive Future initiative, supported by the Institut d'études avancées de Paris and the Fondation 2100, aims to make foresight work widely known"
    url: "https://www.positive-future.org"
    image: "/logoPF.png"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2023-11-01T10:00:00.000+00:00"
  - title: "The Socioscope"
    shortDescription: "The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food"
    description: "The Socioscope is all about understanding how we make our world more sustainable, especially when it comes to food"
    url: "https://thesocioscope.org/"
    image: "/images/logos/the_socioscope.svg"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2023-12-10T14:00:00.000+00:00"
  - title: "World Pandemic Research Network"
    shortDescription: "The World Pandemic Research Network (WPRN) is dedicated to facilitating international collaboration in pandemic research"
    description: "It focuses on generating knowledge, data, and tools that can be shared across nations to better understand and combat pandemics. Through partnerships with institutions like the Institut d'Études Avancées de Paris (Paris IAS), WPRN brings together leading experts to address the complex challenges posed by global health crises"
    url: "https://wprn.org"
    image: "images/logos/wprn_logo.png"
    video: ""
    color: ""
    date: "2024-01-05T12:00:00.000+00:00"
relatedEvents:
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "In collaboration with Stanford University and the International Energy Agency"
    image: "images/renewable.jpg"
    name: "Advancements in Renewable Energy and AI Integration"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2023-06-15T08:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "As the global push for sustainable energy continues, artificial intelligence is playing a pivotal role in optimizing renewable energy systems"
    eventType: "Field Trip"
    url: ""
  - bookingState: "Confirmed"
    createdAt: "2023-05-20T10:00:00.000+00:00"
    description: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    image: "images/climat.jpg"
    name: "AI and Climate Change"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-06-20T09:00:00.000+00:00"
    state: "Upcoming"
    summary: "Artificial Intelligence is emerging as a powerful tool in the fight against climate change"
    eventType: "Workshop"
    url: ""

relatedNews:
  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-02-05T09:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    image: "https://www.paris-iea.fr/images/evenements/32419/_thumb3/emily-morter-8xaa0f9yqne-unsplash.jpg"
    name: "Exploring the Earth's Layers"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2024-02-10T10:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The branch of geology concerned with the description and classification of rocks."
    eventType: "Conservation News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2024-01-15T14:00:00.000Z"
    description: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    image: "images/mars_image.jpg"
    name: "Mitigating Climate Change"
    outside: "Yes"
    start: "2024-01-20T12:00:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "The total amount of greenhouse gases produced by human activities, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents"
    eventType: "Global News"
    url: ""

  - bookingState: "Published"
    createdAt: "2023-12-12T11:00:00.000Z"
    description: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    image: "images/IA_image.jpg"
    name: "Revolutionizing Healthcare"
    outside: "No"
    start: "2023-12-15T09:30:00.000Z"
    state: "Published"
    summary: "A multidisciplinary field that applies engineering principles to medicine and biology for healthcare purposes"
    eventType: "Research News"
    url: ""
---

Pavan is an empirically informed senior advisor in the policy space, and a dedicated teacher, who believes in democratizing education, and demystifying complex ideas, and communicating them effectively to management and policy students. Substantively, he pursues two streams of professional work and scholarship - law/policy, and applied behavior science. He currently serves as the Director of the Centre for Social and Behaviour Change at Ashoka University, and also works closely with Niti Aayog. He has led the initiative to set up India’s first Nudge Unit, the Behavioral Insights Unit of India, which is an embedded team out of Niti. He has also helped set up a Behavioral Insights Units for the states of Uttar Pradesh, and Bihar. His main work focuses on development related issues in education, health, nutrition, and gender. Additionally, Pavan takes immense pride in cooking rural Telangana food, and believes that the green chilly is good for the soul, and builds character. He has a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) from the University of Oxford, a Masters (LL.M.) from Harvard Law School, and a highly subsidized and an inexpensive Bachelor's in Mathematics from the finest public institution in the world - Osmania University!

### Research Interests

Behavioral science for policy, privacy, AI, philosophy of science.

Research project

**Designing a behavioural experiment to measure the cost of autonomy due to predictive AI and nudging
**

The extensive use of behavioural nudging, and AI to segment citizens into various personas, and target interventions to produce behaviour changes are likely to result in a loss of "surprisingness" and autonomy in the lives of humans. How do we reconcile the brilliant promise of AI, with social and psychological costs of loss in autonomy and privacy?

### Key publications

Dhami, S., Wei, M., & Mamidi, P.,"Religious identity, trust, reciprocity, and Prosociality: Theory and evidence", _Journal of Development Economics_, 166, 103192, 2024;

Shashidhara, S., Mamidi, P., Vaidya, S., & Daral, I, "Using machine learning prediction to create a 15-question IPV measurement tool", _Journal of interpersonal violence_, 39(1-2), 11-34, 2024;

Spamann, Holger, Lars Klöhn, Christophe Jamin, Vikramaditya Khanna, John Zhuang Liu, Pavan Mamidi, Alexander Morell, and Ivan Reidel, _"Judges in the Lab: No Precedent Effects, No Common/Civil Law Differences", Journal of Legal Analysis_ 13, no. 1 : 110-126, 2021.
